Add clarification on monitor attributes and tags (#26892)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/notify/variables.md

## Attribute and tag variables

Use attribute and tag variables to render alert messages that are customized, informative, and specific to help understand the nature of the alert. See the following sections for examples and use cases:
- [Multi alert variables](#multi-alert-variables)
- [Matching attribute/tag variables](#matching-attributetag-variables)

Tags

> : Automatically attached (such as host name, container name, log file name, and serverless function name) or added through custom tags (such as team in charge, environment, application or version).

Author: ```suggestion
: Automatically attached (such as host name, container name, log file name, and serverless function name) or added through custom tags (such as team in charge, environment, application, or version).
```

| CI Test         | `{{citest.attributes.key}}`                      |
| Database Monitoring | `{{databasemonitoring.attributes.key}}`      |

{{% collapse-content title="Example syntax usage" level="h4" %}}
- For any `key:value` pair, the variable `{{log.tags.key}}` renders `value` in the alert message.

> - The `@` that prefixes all attributes is not included. For example, if a log monitor is grouped by `@http.status_code`, to include the error message or infrastructure tags in the notification message, use the variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `@` that prefixes all attributes is not included. For example, if a log monitor is grouped by `@http.status_code`, you can include the error message or infrastructure tags in the notification message by using the variables:
```

  
  ```text
  {{ log.attributes.[error.message] }}
  {{ log.tags.env }}
  ...
  ```

  {{< img src="monitors/notifications/tag_attribute_variables.png" alt="Matching attribute variable syntax" style="width:90%;">}}
- The message renders the `error.message` attribute of a chosen log matching the query, **if the attribute exists**.

> - If the tag is on an event use the following syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the tag is on an event, use the following syntax:
```

  ```text
  {{ event.tags.[dot.key.test] }}
  ```

{{% /collapse-content %}} 

#### Important notes

> - If the selected event does not include the attribute or tag key, the variable renders empty in the notification message. To prevent missing notifications, avoid using these variables for routing notification with `{{#is_match}}` handles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the selected event does not include the attribute or tag key, the variable renders empty in the notification message. To prevent missing notifications, avoid using these variables for routing notifications with `{{#is_match}}` handles.
```
